README.rst, before:

=======================
pi-topd (pi-top daemon)
=======================

Daemon for managing pi-top functionality by managing the pi-top hub connection.

--------------------
Build Status: Latest
--------------------

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/pi-top/pi-topd/Test%20and%20Build%20Packages%20on%20All%20Commits
   :alt: GitHub Workflow Status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/pi-top/pi-topd
    :alt: GitHub tag (latest by date)

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/pi-top/pi-topd
    :alt: GitHub release (latest by date)

.. https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/gh/pi-top/pi-topd?token=hfbgB9Got4
..   :alt: Codecov

-----
About
-----

This application runs as a background process in order to receive state/event information from pi-top hardware and manage the system configuration in order to provide plug-and-play functionality. It also provides an interface for getting information from the hub without requiring any knowledge of the hub's internal register interface.

`pi-topd` is included out-of-the-box with pi-topOS.

Ensure that you keep your system up-to-date to enjoy the latest features and bug fixes.

This is a Python 3 application that is managed by a systemd service, configured to automatically run on startup and restart during software updates.

------------
Installation
------------

`pi-topd` is installed out of the box with pi-topOS, which is available from
pi-top.com_. To install on Raspberry Pi OS or other operating systems, check out the `Using pi-top Hardware with Raspberry Pi OS`_ page on the pi-top knowledge base.

.. _pi-top.com: https://www.pi-top.com/products/os/

.. _Using pi-top Hardware with Raspberry Pi OS: https://pi-top.com/pi-top-rpi-os

----------------
More Information
----------------

Please refer to the `More Info`_ documentation in this repository
for more information about the application.

.. _More Info: https://github.com/pi-top/pi-topd/blob/master/docs/more-info.md

------------
Contributing
------------

Please refer to the `Contributing`_ document in this repository
for information on contributing to the project.

.. _Contributing: https://github.com/pi-top/pi-topd/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

See the `contributors page`_ on GitHub for more info on contributors.

.. _contributors page: https://github.com/pi-top/pitop/graphs/contributors

Commit message:

Update README with suggestions for full device support (#173)

README.rst, after:

=======================
pi-topd (pi-top daemon)
=======================

Daemon for managing pi-top functionality by managing the pi-top hub connection.

--------------------
Build Status: Latest
--------------------

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/pi-top/pi-topd/Test%20and%20Build%20Packages%20on%20All%20Commits
   :alt: GitHub Workflow Status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/pi-top/pi-topd
    :alt: GitHub tag (latest by date)

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/pi-top/pi-topd
    :alt: GitHub release (latest by date)

.. https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/gh/pi-top/pi-topd?token=hfbgB9Got4
..   :alt: Codecov

-----
About
-----

This application runs as a background process in order to receive state/event information from pi-top hardware and manage the system configuration in order to provide plug-and-play functionality. It also provides an interface for getting information from the hub without requiring any knowledge of the hub's internal register interface.

This package is needed by all pi-top devices in order for them to work properly. It's included out-of-the-box with pi-topOS and can be installed in other Debian based OS.

Ensure that you keep your system up-to-date to enjoy the latest features and bug fixes.

This is a Python 3 application that is managed by a systemd service, configured to automatically run on startup and restart during software updates.


------------
Installation
------------

:code:`pi-topd` is installed out of the box with pi-topOS, which is available from
pi-top.com_.

If you want to install this package in your device and you're not using pi-topOS, you'll need other packages to provide full device support. Please consider installing the :code:`pt-device-support` package instead, which will install several packages, including :code:`pi-topd`.
More information about using pi-top hardware with Raspberry Pi-OS can be found in the `Using pi-top Hardware with Raspberry Pi OS`_ page on the pi-top knowledge base.

.. _pi-top.com: https://www.pi-top.com/products/os/

.. _Using pi-top Hardware with Raspberry Pi OS: https://pi-top.com/pi-top-rpi-os

----------------
More Information
----------------

Please refer to the `More Info`_ documentation in this repository
for more information about the application.

.. _More Info: https://github.com/pi-top/pi-topd/blob/master/docs/more-info.md

------------
Contributing
------------

Please refer to the `Contributing`_ document in this repository
for information on contributing to the project.

.. _Contributing: https://github.com/pi-top/pi-topd/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

See the `contributors page`_ on GitHub for more info on contributors.

.. _contributors page: https://github.com/pi-top/pitop/graphs/contributors
